Update on-boarding guides (#356)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/internal/onboarding/manager-guide.md

- Add new staff to the group

### Core Committer Mug

> - Message @lindy.isherwood and ask her to send the new hire their core committer mug

Reviewer: this is now done by @hannaparks apparently

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Message @hanna.park and ask her to send the new hire their core committer mug
```

### Release Dates Google Calendar
- Message @lindy.isherwood and ask her to add the new hire to the Mattermost Release Dates google calendar

### Jira Access

> - Message @amy.blais and ask her to add the new hire to ``jira-developers`` and ``internal`` groups in Jira

Reviewer 3: I'm assuming we'll automate this at some point?

Author: That's a good point, I'll add a note for myself as next steps.
